ah such a beautiful thing when you fall
head-over-heels for someone but then
those feelings suddenly fade away why is
that it could be because of some
seemingly innocent and harmless habits
you do every day without even realizing
it take for instance being messy have
you ever wondered why your passion
disappears not long after you start
living together well if one of you is
messy then it's no wonder nobody likes
seeing dirty socks lying around the
house and personal hygiene items left in
the toilet or the bathroom sink and
don't try to put your responsibilities
on somebody else your partner isn't your
mom or dad and they shouldn't have to
clean up the whole house while you sit
and watch TV or surf the web
you are both grownups so show some
respect for one another clean up after
yourself and your significant other will
really appreciate it invading personal
space when you first start dating you
can't get enough of one another and want
to be together all the time and it's
completely natural since your hormones
aren't going crazy right now however
every single one of us needs some me
time to reflect on our lives and goals
or just relax so give your boyfriend
this opportunity experts say that men
are generally less sociable than women
so that's why they crave personal space
way more and hey the same goes for
clingy guys as well plus nothing kills
love like seeing each other every minute
of every day especially when one or both
of you have the habit of just barging
into the bathroom while the other one is
using it that ain't romantic at all
just imagine how amazing it'll be when
you see each other after at least an
evening apart those butterflies will be
back in no time
being manipulative do you like it when
someone tries to get you to do something
you don't want well your partner doesn't
like it either
every time you deliberately start to cry
or say that you don't want to see them
unless they do what you say their love
for you slowly dies down less obvious
and sneaky ways of manipulation won't
work either subconsciously we all know
when someone is playing with us after
all are you in a relationship to be a
tyrant or to be a part of a healthy
Union both of your opinions matter and
your partner deserves to be treated with
the same respect and honesty you expect
from them getting jealous love makes us
vulnerable and fragile and we're all
scared that the person we adore the most
will break our heart and that's exactly
where this awful feeling of jealousy
comes from you think that this girl at
the bar is checking out your guy and his
co-worker looks pretty suspicious too as
a result you project all your fears onto
him he has no idea what's going on and
your own little paradise turns into a
nightmare one of the best things you can
do is talk to him openly about your
feelings he'll understand what you're
going through and you'll know that you
can trust him however there's one major
exception here if your boyfriend or
girlfriend gets jealous about absolutely
everything you do this feeling comes
from their controlling behavior and
possessiveness unfortunately it's almost
impossible to change these people so the
best thing you can do is to get out of
that relationship having different
visions of the future it's so easy to
get caught up in your own personal
fantasies of your perfect future with
the one you love I mean let's be real
some people are even imagining their
perfect wedding right after a first date
but sometimes these seemingly innocent
imaginary montages can ruin your
relationship completely a lot of the
time we expect our partner to have the
same view of the future as we do Oh mark
and I are gonna have two kids a house in
the suburbs and six dogs in a month
later you find out that mark doesn't
want to have kids loves his downtown
apartment and is a cat person BAM your
dreams are shattered the best way to
handle it is to get into a relationship
with no major expectations early on
you'll love this guy you want to be with
him what more do you want
you can cross every bridge when you get
there although if you have strong
opinions about certain things for
example you're absolutely sure that you
don't want to have kids you should
probably discuss it beforehand to be on
the same page trying to be perfect when
you're dating you want to be the perfect
woman you might choose your best clothes
spend hours doing your hair and makeup
or go for those super cute but really
uncomfortable panties just to impress
him
but it's a big mistake trying to be
flawless
instead of being yourself and being
comfortable while you do it if you have
a couple of zits so what your boyfriend
isn't perfect either if you want to wear
your old stretched-out t-shirt around
the house go for it
you don't have to look like a model for
your boyfriend to adore you he's in love
with who you are not how you look
actually to figure out what guys are
really after psychologist Russell Clark
and Elaine Hatfield conducted an
interesting experiment back in 1989 they
asked a couple of young women to chat
with some guys around the Florida State
University campus mind you they weren't
all dressed up or anything like that
just casual clothes and not much makeup
at all in the end nearly 70% of the guys
were interested enough to want to meet
up with the girls later on proving that
you don't need to look perfect in order
to attract someone so relax be yourself
and let your personality shine through
constantly complaining it's totally
natural to get annoyed and want to
complain about anything and everything
but you gotta pick your battles blowing
off some steam may be relieving for you
but it's unbelievably toxic for everyone
else including your partner doing the
ultimate combo of complaining about him
to him is a bad idea as well this only
creates division and tension in your
romance if it's about a serious issue in
your relationship
it's better to take time to calm down
and then have a proper conversation and
guys you shouldn't forget about this
simple rule either the same thing goes
for fighting over texts by the way wait
until you can get together and discuss
the problem instead of hurting each
other via SMS you probably see how
childish and stupid your fight is once
you discuss it out loud compromising we
are constantly being told that
compromise is the key to a strong
romantic bond if you can't find a
compromise you lose and as long as I'm
here to dispel myths let me tell you
something this principle doesn't work in
a real life at all according to Nicole
Witte a conflict resolution coach when
you and your partner have different
points of view you subconsciously see
the situation as a competition so you
either win or lose in this debate
depending on how much the compromise
benefits your side and just like that
compromising turns into two people
taking turns getting mostly what they
want
this creates isolation within your
relationship breaking your union into
two different sides a much better method
to turn to is collaboration use your
imagination and join forces to come up
with a third solution that will look
good to both of you this way you won't
take sides and fight one against the
other you'll be creating something
together and that exactly what a healthy
union is all about what everyday habits
do you think can really ruin a
relationship share your thoughts down in
the comments remember to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]